Stop the Violence LyricsNon-violence. Stop the violence. If the prisons and drugs don't get us, the bullets will rid us of the disfranchised - money then lies - wool over eyes, we flockin the sheep. Only choice is stay woke or eternally sleep. Families weep and grieve for the ones that was lost, and law rapin your counties just to tally the cost. Politicians line the pockets when they fill up the jails, watch the judge get complicit - that's how evil prevails. Flag sails but the pirates doin' white-collar crime: stole millions, got convicted, never did any time. March on to the beat of this drum, no matter the breaks it seems we can't escape this slum. I'm on a tune more spiritual. Scratch off the serial, blood-stain the blocks on the streets of the imperials, justice is rarely found anywhere in this town. So we pullin out stops to shut em down. It's all wound tighter than the rattlesnake's coil - ain't no tellin what could happen when the blood starts to boil till your boot's boiled - we dyin for change. Seen the corner get sprayed for debts in dice games. Same grimy hands count the blood money. You can't launder the cash, the funds is to crumby. We all stuck deep in this dirt. Can we get out from under feelin this hurt? When the streets still poppin - and the kids still droppin - let pause for a minute and just STOP THE VIOLENCE. While the feds come knockin and you hear the gun cockin, everybody lemme hear ya let's STOP THE VIOLENCE. When the cops come through with their hand on their gun and the youth wanna run let's STOP THE VIOLENCE. We must change the system. For it is the only way to change the system. Please lemme stay non-violent. It seems to get worse when we hear those sirens. Police showin up, before we speak, they firin. Ain't no surprise when it's thugs they hirin. Exuse me if I struck some nerves. See that badge ain't really here to protect and serve. Some are good, some are bad, some are skimmin off bags, others schemin on partners turnin riches to rags. Toe tags get tallied from Tallahasee to Cali it's the peace in the valley and dealin dope in the alleys. See, this is rot and gritty, the product is nothing pretty - the situation is shitty: they plottin, don't snatch the kitty!, they ran out of this game. Parents matriculated the status till they treat us the same. When it rains, then it pours, always gunnin for yous. Them boys is more than thick like glass in liquor stores and chicken-shacks in hoods, pushin poisonous goods, when they really ain't enough to give the breath that you could. Who had to die for the prize? Too many deceased for pushin peace, see the hate in they eyes? Wise up, before the system decides your time's up. Had enough of them holdin us down, let's rise up. And that's word to my G's because we movin in silence. Put them fingers down and put an end to the violenceEmbed