Yo, people living like they ain't got no mommas
Father, Father, Father, help us
Madness is what you demonstrate
What happened to the love and the values of humanity?
Yo, what's going on with the world, momma?
Can you practice what you preachin'?
What happened to the love and the fairness and equality?
I think they don't understand the concept or the meaning of karma
Layin' on the ground died from a choke
All he ever wanted was a smoke, my gosh
Nation droppin' bombs killing our little ones
Where's the love y'all? I don't, I don't know
People killin', people dyin'
Instead of spreading love we're spreading animosity
They don't want us to love
Cause people got me, got me questioning
(Where's the love)
Where's the truth y'all? I don't know
(Where's the love, where's the love)
Love is the answer
Can we all just get along?
And when you hate, then you're bound to get irate
Kids wanna act like what they see in the cinemas
Lack of understanding leading us away from unity
As I'm gettin' older y'all people gets colder
Y'all don't like what I'm sayin'? Haterade, tall cases
Would you turn the other cheek again?
New days are strange, is the world insane?
The people put the bullets in 'em
No one's on a common ground
Love is the solution
All these protest with different colored faces
Black lives, not now
Love is powerful
Cause policemen want me dead and gone, dead and gone
Can't we all just get along?
Mama, mama, mama, tell us what the hell is goin' on?
Overseas, yeah, they trying to stop terrorism
Man, we gotta set it straight
Everybody hate somebody, guess we all racist
Black Eyed Peas do a song about love and y'all hate this
Would you turn the other cheek?
Love is the key
Said he can't breathe with his hands in the air
And let your soul just gravitate to the love
I think they all distracted by the drama and attracted to the trauma, mama
Somebody gotta give these niggas hope, please hope
Ongoing suffering as the youth die young
People killin' people dyin'
We was all born with a heart, why we gotta chase it?
Most of us only care about money makin'
And that's exactly how hate works and operates
Over here on the streets, the police shoot
Take control of your mind, just meditate
Infecting the young minds faster than bacteria
So the whole world celebrate it
And if you never speak truth, then you never know how love sounds
I feel the weight of the world on my shoulders
And the weed man still sellin' dope, oh no
Where's the love when a child gets murdered, or a cop gets knocked down?
That election looking like a joke, such a joke, man
Selfishness got us followin' the wrong direction
It just ain't the same, old ways have changed
Wrong information always shown by the media
Negative images is the main criteria
Then you're gonna leave space for others to discriminate
Everybody matter to me, all races
Send some guidance from above
My mama asked me why I never vote, never vote
Children hurtin', I hear them cryin'
But if you only got love for your own race
And to discriminate only generates hate
And if you never know love, then you never know God, wow
And every time I look around
Every time I look up, every time I look down
Could you practice what you preach?