My mama asked me why I never vote, never vote
Children hurtin', I hear them cryin'
It just ain't the same, old ways have changed
Could you practice what you preach?
Said he can't breathe with his hands in the air
Yo, what's going on with the world, momma?
Father, Father, Father, help us
Would you turn the other cheek again?
But if you only got love for your own race
New days are strange, is the world insane?
All these protest with different colored faces
And the weed man still sellin' dope, oh no
And if you never speak truth, then you never know how love sounds
Layin' on the ground died from a choke
And if you never know love, then you never know God, wow
Love is powerful
What happened to the love and the fairness and equality?
Cause policemen want me dead and gone, dead and gone
Yo, people living like they ain't got no mommas
And that's exactly how hate works and operates
Can we all just get along?
Nation droppin' bombs killing our little ones
All he ever wanted was a smoke, my gosh
Where's the love when a child gets murdered, or a cop gets knocked down?
Lack of understanding leading us away from unity
The people put the bullets in 'em
They don't want us to love
Where's the truth y'all? I don't know
Everybody hate somebody, guess we all racist
Negative images is the main criteria
Overseas, yeah, they trying to stop terrorism
And when you hate, then you're bound to get irate
Love is the key
Y'all don't like what I'm sayin'? Haterade, tall cases
Then you're gonna leave space for others to discriminate
People killin' people dyin'
And every time I look around
Every time I look up, every time I look down
Love is the answer
Love is the solution
Mama, mama, mama, tell us what the hell is goin' on?
I think they don't understand the concept or the meaning of karma
Take control of your mind, just meditate
(Where's the love, where's the love)
Most of us only care about money makin'
Can you practice what you preachin'?
Black Eyed Peas do a song about love and y'all hate this
Where's the love y'all? I don't, I don't know
Send some guidance from above
We was all born with a heart, why we gotta chase it?
That election looking like a joke, such a joke, man
Kids wanna act like what they see in the cinemas
Ongoing suffering as the youth die young
Can't we all just get along?
I feel the weight of the world on my shoulders
I think they all distracted by the drama and attracted to the trauma, mama
Selfishness got us followin' the wrong direction
Madness is what you demonstrate
So the whole world celebrate it
And to discriminate only generates hate
No one's on a common ground
Over here on the streets, the police shoot
Somebody gotta give these niggas hope, please hope
Man, we gotta set it straight
(Where's the love)
Instead of spreading love we're spreading animosity
Everybody matter to me, all races
Would you turn the other cheek?
Black lives, not now
Wrong information always shown by the media
Infecting the young minds faster than bacteria
As I'm gettin' older y'all people gets colder
What happened to the love and the values of humanity?
And let your soul just gravitate to the love
People killin', people dyin'
Cause people got me, got me questioning